hi guys I'm Laura Vitale and on this
episode of Laura in the kitchen I'm
going to show you how to make penne
vodka now I've gotten so many people
requested for this recipe and I mean
it's so easy but it's really really
delicious and this is the exact recipe
we use at our restaurant so I know you
guys are gonna love it was a huge hit
every time let's go over the ingredients
so we can get started I'm gonna need
some crushed Tomatoes some vodka heavy
cream dried oregano hot pepper flakes
small onion finely chopped 2 cloves of
garlic minced you're gonna need some
olive oil
obviously song pepper penne pasta and
Parmesan cheese but this is just to make
the sauce so let's get started let's go
over to the stove and stuck a clean up
our onions and garlic I have a nice deep
pain here with about 2 tablespoons of
olive oil and you can use regular olive
oil not the expensive extra-virgin stuff
and I'm going to put in it's not heating
it's not too of too hot which is fine
and then just add in my onion and I'm
going to cook this this is over medium
heat and I put it over medium high and
I'm just going to cook this to get to
bow kind of translucent and I wanted to
get to 2 colored about 5 6 minutes or so
my onions are perfect at this point we
got a little nice color on them I'm
gonna put in my chopped garlic and let
this cook for about a minute or so I've
reduced the heat to medium medium-high I
was a little too hot I'm gonna let this
cook for a minute now after a minute I'm
going to add in a pinch of hot pepper
flakes and you can add as much or as
little as you want and depends on how
hot you like your food and I'm going to
add in a nice pinch of dried oregano try
to make it out in fresh oregano with any
drier in fresh herbs but the dry herbs
you put them in at the at the beginning
of your dish with fresh herbs you put
them at the end the drive everything to
develop their flavor just gonna okay
perfect now I'm going to add in our
bathtub this is regular not flavored
vodka you do not want flavored vodka you
wouldn't pull like vanilla vodka and
here anything it would just be horrible
put this in
okay I'm going to let this reduce by
half Maybach is reduced by half
concentrate all the flavor now we're
going to add in our crushed tomatoes I
like it every little bit out of the 28
ounce can okeydoke give this a stir
oh yeah this is going to be so so good
now I'm gonna knock the back not to be
back to medium-low partially cover this
just like that and let this cook for
about 45 minutes and you want to come in
and stir it every 10 minutes or so just
to make sure nothing's sticking and
after about 30 minutes get a big pot
filled with water get that to come to a
boil soaking and your pasta but
otherwise the sauce needs to cook for 45
minutes my sauce has been cooking for 45
minutes on low and it's exactly how it
should be very very thick that's perfect
it's about 10 minutes away from being
done which is exactly the perfect time
to add the pasta to your boiling water
just kind of add my head am using penne
with lines on them they really grips to
the sauce really well but that in salted
water make sure you salt it well you
know the ruler should be as salty as a
Mediterranean okay
back to this we're going to pass the end
now we need to season it with salt and
pepper because we haven't seasoned it
yet you have a season that at all
actually okay put the heat up to medium
season it with some pepper perfect just
going to give this a quick little taste
so where is my spoon I lost my spoon so
I'm just going to exact the perfect
amount of seasoning so that's good so
now I'm going to add in the heavy cream
very very important when you're making
vodka sauce okay
put my heat up to medium what's not
bubbling as much as I would like it to
so I'm going to let's just put it up to
medium-high incorporate your cream in
just like so and this is going to cook
for another eight minutes or so I've had
my sauce cooking it's about eight
minutes now I've also drained my pass
I'm adding just a couple of fresh basil
leaves smells fantastic oh I wish you
could smell this it's really amazing
okay now we're going to add our joint
oops our dream pasta now you want to
make sure to cook al dente nothing Orson
overcooked pasta you can turn this off
at this point and just mix it from the
bottom up just like so I'm just going to
continue to mix this and then we're
going to go over to the table and plate
this up everything's pretty much mixed
now the last thing greedy very very very
important is fresh Parmesan Reggiano and
we're going to give this a good great
bout quarter cup of this in here and
this really really rounds out the sauce
I mean without it it's so good and
everything but with the fresh parmesan
in there it just makes it that much
better it makes it restaurant quality
which is why it was such a hit in our
restaurant and now I know that my daddy
would be very proud to see this because
it was one of our best sellers and I was
thrilled to be able to share it with you
guys okay that's about right but a
quarter cup and you want to make sure
you use a good Pomodoro Jonel I mean I
know it's a little bit more expensive to
use the authentic stuff but it makes a
world of a difference and if you're
trying to achieve that restaurant
quality taste in your own kitchen then
just go ahead and best in like 12 bucks
and buying a good piece of coming down
at Jonel rather than buying you know the
little tubs of pregrated cheese for like
four dollars i mean who are they kidding
that's the best stuff is dry and it just
smells awful and the real stuff is
really worth it so this is just this is
done this is absolutely done all I need
to do is give this a test before I plead
it it smells so good well it's gonna be
a big bite
like dynamite I could eat this entire
pan and look at this from cooking the
sauce low and slow look how thick that
is you see there's no liquid here
there's no water coming out from the
tomatoes it's not going to do that
because we cooked it for so long it's a
perfect consistency I don't know this is
amazing I hope you guys enjoy spending
time with me I hope you go ahead and
make this because we're gonna absolutely
love it and to get this recipe on the
recipes check out my website WWE title
arnica chin they're calm after next time
bye
you